I have kids who run away. Hehehe. They run and off. Yeah
It's just different. Yeah....
How about yourself? Did you always plan to go toward law firm and work as you are?
How did you , how did you arrive where you are? Hehehe.
Yeah.
Uhuhm.
Oh....
Oh, I didn't know that either. Yeah.
Go this direction.
Wow.
Uhuhm.
Hm...
Wait, I must ask this question because I find it interesting, like my kids right now in college.
And they're thinking whatever they major in, that's what they're going to become.
But a lot of people, they start off somewhere, but that's not where they end up.
Right? So then I tell my kids, don't worry about it. Start with what you know, the best you can do.
And then sometimes your child will wonder.
Because I think I hear that a lot of younger people, they're changing jobs every five years.
Yeah, they cheated pretty often, right? Yeah.
Yeah. Uhum.
Uhuhm.
Yes.
tsk, uhuhm...
Ah, hahaha
Uhuhm.
Hm...